Assignment 6 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Owen Clarke

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Benjamin Zhou


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

Current Intro Lab TAs through visits to the Intro COS Lab.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

Current Intro Lab TAs through visits to the Intro COS Lab.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Owen Clarke

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Benjamin Zhou



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This was actually a very cool assignment. It was very interesting to
learn about how unchecked buffers can be exploited, and gave me more
experience working with arm and machine language.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

I did enjoy this asssignment. I learned more about ARM and assembly than 
I knew previously by a lot, and gave me a ton more experience in assembly
and machine language. 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

To our knowledge, there are no bugs in our submission. All createdata
files create data that fulfills the attack, and our memory map and
mini assembler are complete.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are your sentences from Step 1?
According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun 
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with 
computers, but did not attempt to cause death and did not knowingly or
recklessly cause death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison.
    
According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with
computers, and attempted to cause death or knowingly or recklessly
caused death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of life in
prison.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
